Alright guys, so in the last video we set
up the base package for Backpack.
We have our back-end login and dashboard.
Now we're going to continue on with this documentation
and we're going to install Backpack/CRUD and
what this does is it allows us to create CRUD
resources.
So, anything that you want to be able to create
read update and delete whether its Todos or
it could be customers blog posts, anything
you want, and this makes it really easy.
Once we set this up we'll be able to use generators
to easily create CRUD resources because you
can either manually create the files yourself
or you can use a generator.
So, first thing we'll do is install Backpack/CRUD.
So, let’s go over here and go to composer
we're going to say require Backpack/CRUD.
Alright and we're also going to have to add
the provider as we do with all packages so
let’s copy that and go to our Config folder
and then app.php go down to the providers
and let’s go right here and paste that in
just like we did with the base service provider.
Alright and then once that's done we're going
to have to run a bunch of commands here.
So, let’s see, that’s still going, but
we're going to grab this and this will publish
the assets.
Actually, we don't want that comment right
there, just this.
This L finder which has to do with the CRUD
package.
Alright so that's all set lets go ahead and
paste that in and we're going to need to run
all these commands.
This will publish the CRUD assets.
Let’s go ahead and copy that, paste that
in run it.
Okay its really quick, now we're going to
grab this one and this will publish the CRUD
language files so we'll copy that.
This one will publish CRUD and custom L finder
config files.
So, these commands are just basically creating
the files that need and then this one here
is going to publish custom L finder views.
Alright, now we need a place, we need a folder
that will allow us to upload files, a place
to upload our files.
So, we can open up the config file systems.php
file which is right here and if we go down
to where the discs are, right here discs,
we have discs for local for public Amazon
s3 if we were to use that.
We're going to add that inside of that disc’s
array.
So, let’s copy it and just paste it right
in here and it’s going to use the public
path and then a folder called uploads.
So, we actually have to create that.
So, let’s save this and then we're going
to go over here to our public folder and we're
going to create a new folder called uploads
and that is where all the uploads will go.
Now if we want to add a link to the file manager
in our back-end we can do that, let’s just
grab this list item here with the link and
then we're going to go to our views folder,
Resources\Views\Vendor, wait is this the right
place?
This might not be right, yes, it is.
Okay so \Vendor\Backpack\Base\Inc and then
sidebar.blade.php and then we'll go down to
here and you see where the dashboard link
is, we're going to paste that  tag right
in there.
Alright and we'll save that and let’s go
back and reload and now we have a file manager
link.
If we click that it takes us to the file manager
and we can upload files here.
We can actually drag files over.
So, if we want to try that, let’s see I'll
just grab-- I don't want any of that.
We'll grab a wallpaper here and there it is
and if we look over here in the uploads folder
that we created there it is, wallpaper1.jpg.
So, our system can now handle back-end file
uploads which is really cool.
So, let’s go back to the documentation and
the next thing we can do and this is optional
but I want to do it, we can install the language
file manager.
So, we're going to just install it with composer
and you can see Backpack has a lot of different
packages that you can optionally add and remove.
So, let’s go ahead and run that and then
of course we need to add the provider, copy
that and we'll go in to Config app.php and
let’s add that right here.
Okay save it, and then we need to run the
migration here and we're going to add some
tags on to it.
Let’s copy that.
Okay that’s still running.
So, you can see that there are a lot of commands
to create the files that we need, but it’s
a lot quicker than manually doing it.
Alright so now we're going to run this command,
this first migrate command right here and
then this one and then this one.
So, this is going to publish the config file
and then this one is going to publish the
lang file
and then we'll go down here and we can add
these to our sidebar, these links, copy we'll
go back to sidebar.blade.php and we'll put
them right here and save and then let’s
visit the back-end and reload and now you'll
notice that we have languages.
So, we can now add different languages to
our site and you can put a flag image, you
can see there are some predefined ones here
and then the language files we can create
now language files so that we can translate
in to a different language, just something
that adds to your functionality.
So, what we're going to do next is create
a CRUD resource and we're going to use customers,
so it’s going to be kind of a mini CRM we'll
be able to add customers create read update
and delete and so on.
It will create a customer’s table in the
back-end and we're going to use a generator
to do that.
So that’s what we'll get in to next.